New Inspector doc (#653)
avohq/docs: pages/data-design/start-using-inspector.mdx

  />
</center>

> <Link passHref href="/workspace/inspector"><a>Inspector tab description</a></Link>

Reviewer: This looks like a placeholder, doesn't it? 
```suggestion
<Link passHref href="/workspace/inspector"><a>The Inspector events overview</a></Link>
```

<br/>
<br/>

> Open the <Link passHref href="/workspace/inspector#Overview"><a>Inspector overview</a></Link>, browse the list or search for a specific event. Select an event and detailed information about the health of the given event will appear in the panel on the right.

Reviewer: It looks like the images are messing up the location of the anchor (#) in the link. It's probably because they don't have a height associated with them so they get calculated after the anchor locating and you end up above the actual destination. I'm not sure if we can do anything about that now.

Author: Good point, I was always wondering why is it happening

If you send your events through a CDP (Customer Data Platform) you can configure the CDP to route the event metadata to Avo Inspector by setting up an Avo Inspector destination.

The main benefit of this solution is that it does not require work from a developer and can be done without changing your application code and releasing a new version. All setup is done on the CDP's side.

Learn how to route event to Inspector from:

- <Link passHref href="/workspace/connect-inspector-to-segment"><a>Segment</a></Link>
- <Link passHref href="/workspace/connect-inspector-to-rudderstack"><a>RudderStack</a></Link>
- <Link passHref href="/workspace/connect-inspector-to-posthog"><a>PostHog</a></Link>
- <Link passHref href="/help/troubleshooting"><a>Contact us if you want to use another CDP</a></Link>

### Install Inspector with an HTML tag

You can add Avo Inspector to a web page with an HTML tag. This option works for the users of the Google Tag Manager and other tag managers.

Find the tag snippet and instructions to send data <Link passHref href="/implementation/inspector/sdk/web#installation-option-2-html-tag"><a>here</a></Link>.

### Install Inspector SDK

> If you’re not using one of the supported CDPs you can send events data with an SDK. It will require one time setup and new app release and takes 2-30 minutes, depending on the developer’s experience. We recommend asking a developer that is familiar with the existing event tracking setup to help with this setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re not using one of the supported CDPs you can send events data with an SDK. It will require one time setup and a new app release and takes 2-30 minutes, depending on the developer’s experience. We recommend asking a developer that is familiar with the existing event tracking setup to help with this setup.
```
